My name is Yaroslav Dovhanych.
I received my degree
from the Biology Department
of the Uzhgorod State University
and specialized in zoology.
I love nature very much
and want to protect it.
The evolutionary theory,
in my opinion,
quite reasonably argued
that there is no Creator
—that everything
was shaped
by a series of random changes
and combinations.
I was unable to prove this,
but I believed it.
And that is why
I was an evolutionist.
I was a staunch evolutionist.
While working
in the Carpathian Biosphere Reserve
and studying
how ecological systems function,
I studied nature through the lens
of the evolution theory.
When I studied nature
through this lens,
I began to notice things
that contradicted the theory of evolution.
I found things
that couldn’t have been formed
by natural selection.
As I started to wonder about this
—whether there is a Creator—
I began to discover more facts
contradicting the theory of evolution.
Can anyone say that some computer programs
appeared simply by chance?
In contrast,
evolutionists would like us to believe
that DNA was formed by evolution.
To illustrate:
Say you take some letter blocks,
pour them onto the table,
and the Encyclopedia Britannica  is formed.
There is an even smaller probability
that DNA originated by evolution.
When I started
to seriously consider the possibility
that the world
might have been created,
I began to meditate
about the following:
I knew that religion explains
that the world was created by God.
So I decided to examine
different religious teachings,
including what the Bible says
about how God created the world.
The Bible is very old,
thousands of years old,
and yet its contents
are accurate and authentic to this day.
And the Bible contains many prophecies;
these are the foretelling of events.
They were to occur in the distant future,
sometimes many centuries in the future.
History confirms
that they have been fulfilled
exactly as the Bible foretold.
So these predictions
must have been made by someone
whose abilities are far greater than man’s.
This proves
that the Author of the Bible is not man,
but someone who is far wiser
and has abilities that man lacks.